The next video demonstrates another
method for installing linux. If you
already have linux installed using the
virtual disk image with virtualbox then
you can skip the next video. The method
you'll learn in the next video can be
used to install linux directly on
physical hardware or it can be used to
install linux with another
virtualization system such as VMware,
Hyper-V, Parallels Desktop for mac, KVM
and others. You'll also want to use that
method if you want to customize your
install. For example if your first
language isn't English, you may want to
add additional language support for your
native language. Perhaps you want to
install some additional software or
maybe you want a really minimal install
and don't want to install a lot of
software. Many of these things can be
changed after the initial installation
but sometimes it can be easier to start
out with a system exactly the way you
like it than it is to modify an existing
system. Again, if you already have linux
installed and running in VirtualBox you
can either watch the next video to see
what a manual installation looks like or
you can skip it all together. Either
choice is fine.